Add docs for transform-runtime's `moduleName` option (#2867)
babel/website: docs/plugin-transform-runtime.md

## Options

### `moduleName`

<details>
  <summary>History</summary>

| Version | Changes |
| --- | --- |
| `v7.24.0` | Added `moduleName` option |
</details>

`string`, defaults to `@babel/runtime`.

> This option controls to which package of helpers `@babel/plugin-transform-runtime` will inject imports to. It uses the following priority:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option controls which package of helpers `@babel/plugin-transform-runtime` will use when injecting imports. It uses the following priority:
```
